# Prometheus-Token

A crypto project that aims to incentivize solar programs and create a new blockchain on a solar network.

  This project is very ambitious. It will involve two different cryptocurrency coins, a 20 year roadmap, a team consisting of over 100 coders and engineers, and investments into research and development of technologies and hardward not yet available. This project aims to create a cryptocurrency that will run and operate entirely off of a decentralized solar powered grid and network, while incentivizing more people to switch to solar power. The goal of this project in its entirety, is to create an incompromisable financial system that everyone can use in the event of a national or international disaster that would otherwise cripple our way of spending money.

	The first coin to be created will be The Prometheus Token. It will be a deflationary token that works much like how safemoon works with its tokenomics. A 10% tax will be applied to all spending and trading of the coin and portions will be burned with other portions going back to the coin holders and to a developers wallet. The developers wallet will be used to begin work on the Solar Coin and its blockchain. Research and development for software and hardware will then begin by creating a way to authenticate and measure solar energy that is collected, and then finding a way to mint new Solar Coins from it. In the final stages of the Prometheus Token, there will be a program set up to swap Promtheus Tokens with Solar Coins thus moving the rest of the entire project team's focus onto the Solar Coin and its blockchain.

	This is a basic gist of the main goal of this project and there will be a new repository and project set up for the Solar Coin and blockchain in the coming months. Looking ahead, the Solar Coin will work much like the dollar in many ways with liquidity pools set up for health, education, and renewable energy programs for coin holders to participate in at their discretion. The Solar Coin project will also be very involved in the forefront of renewable energies and waste disposal. This is a green coin and green project that hopes to be the first real foot down gaining traction in the right direction not just for me or you as an individual, but for the entire human race.

	I wanted to give an introduction to the project and its goals before introducing myself because I want you to see the vision I have first. Now I will let you know that I am an average guy with a family of four living paycheck to paycheck. I work a fulltime job and just recently started college majoring in computer science with the electives of electrical engineering and business and finance/trade. My name is Beau Sharp born in Borger, Tx on July 13th of 1987. I have zero experience in doing any of this but I think this can work to my advantage. I'm just an average guy who sees something wrong and trying to find the best way to correct it. I want a postion of power and wealth so that I can use to help influence others to do good and be good. There will be many AMAs in the future for any questions beyond that. If you are reading this and are considering becoming a project member I just want to say, welcome aboard, Thanks for the help, and this is my idea but not my personal project. This is for the community and so it will be by the community. 
